Commonly Asked interview questions:

Can abstact class can implement a interface
Does Java Support Multiple inheretance
Can a interface extend multiple interfaces
Common String Functions
What is Split Function Written
How do u convert a String to Integar
How do u convert a Array to List
Write a Program where method should take a number and say whether it is a amstrong number or not
Collections
How do you sort a list, What does Sort method take as parameter
How can you call a method into List can you pass into it
what are generics in Java
How do you loop a list
Frameworks in Selenium
How do you rewrite excel using Test Ng
Which Anotation used to rewrite excel
How do u do parllel execution using Test NG
How do u do a mouse overusing Selenium
What Kind of Reporting Implemented in your Project
What type of Xpath you have written; Examples of xpath you have written
Suppose you are not able to click a button in Xptah, what is the other way to do it.
How will you create a itarator
How do u create custom exeption
What is Anonimus Class
Can you write a programme on factorial of Number
How do u convert Array to List
If you want to sort a set how will you do that?
How do you sort a List?

1. Difference between set and list
2. If .click() method is not working,how will you handle the situation.
3. How do you retrieve data from webtable
4. Return type of @dataprovider
5. How will you handle frames
6. How will you handle multiple windows
7. Return type of window handles
8. How do you do parallel execution using testng--
9. Can an interface extend multiple interface
10. Can an abstract class implement interface
11. What does instanceOf() used for
12. How do you send data from testng--
13. How do you sort a list
14. What is Wrapper class
15. How will you convert a string to an integer
16. Any other way to convert string to an       integer other than parseInt()
17. Methods in list
18. Methods in string
19. What actually is a webdriver
20. What actually is a Chromedriver()
21. How will you retrieve key value pair using Hashmap
22. Do you know iterator.How will you use iterator
How to Switch to Frame ?
How to Handle multiple window ?
xpaths in Selenium
String functions
HashMap
Collection
List and Set methods
Frameworks in Selenium
POM
How to run Testng
What is split method do?
What is parameters?
What is listeners?
How to handle web tables?
What are the List methods available?
What is Maven?
How to run testng.xml through pom.xml?

How to access values in Hashatable?
1. Description of framework
2. Alternate of .click()
3.Methods of String Class
4. TestNg Plugin for Devops
5. automation for web table
6. wrapper class
7. Multiple inheritance in interface
8. can abstract class extend Interface ?
9. Dynamic xpath
10. Return type of data provider
11. How to handle Frame 
12. Hash Map
so these are the questions which was asked by the panel
prepair for the same
1. Difference between set and list
2. If .click() method is not working,how will you handle the situation.
3. How do you retrieve data from webtable
4. Return type of @dataprovider
5. How will you handle frames
6. How will you handle multiple windows
7. Return type of window handles
8. How do you do parallel execution using testng--
9. Can an interface extend multiple interface
10. Can an abstract
anonymous class java
Comparator 
Iterator methods 

